links.md, before:

---
permalink: /LINKS/
---
# LINKS
1. [Beginner's Guide to Linux](https://www.lifewire.com/beginners-guide-to-linux-4090233)<br>
A beginner's guide to Linux. It explains what Linux is, what its differences are to Windows and
macOS, what a Command Line is, and many more.
2. [Awk Tutorial - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/awk/index.htm)<br>
A guide for beginners to learn how to use Awk. As someone who is new to Linux, I find
the website to be easy to follow. 
3. [Shell Scripting Tutorial](https://www.shellscript.sh)<br>
The tutorial explains the basic of shell script programming. It provides the background theories 
complete with their examples.
4. [Learn Shell](https://www.learnshell.org)<br>
An interactive website to learn shell programming. Each chapter has its own exercise where we
have to code. There is no better way to learn programming other than programming.
5. [Sed Tutorial - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sed/sed_overview.htm)<br>
A guide for beginners to learn how to use Sed. It helps beginners (like me) in understanding
the cryptic syntax of Sed. 
6. [C Programming Language](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-programming-language/)<br>
Complete C language guide explaining from the basics to the advanced. I personally think this website is
awesome to learn C. The pages are clean to look, and each explanation has its own examples making
it easier for us to learn.
7. [C Programming Exercises, Practice, Solution](https://www.w3resource.com/c-programming-exercises/)<br>
The website provides C exercises complete with their solutions. An editor is provided so you can check
whether you got the correct output. The page looks dated but it has hundreds of exercises.
8. [Learn-c](https://www.learn-c.org)<br>
Another website that provides C exercises and their solutions. The website looks more modern than the previous
one, but it has less exercises. Still, I think it's enough to learn the basics of C. 
9. [FUSE Doc](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/filesystems/fuse.html#what-is-fuse)<br>
Documentation for FUSE. 
10. [Understanding mount as a concept in the OS](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/3247/understanding-mount-as-a-concept-in-the-os)<br> 
Explains the basic about mount as a concept in the Operating System. 
11. [Why do we need to mount on linux](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/178077/why-do-we-need-to-mount-on-linux)<br>
Explains why we need to mount on Linux.

Commit message:

updated mylog.txt and links.md

links.md, after:

---
permalink: /LINKS/
---
# LINKS
I hope you find these links useful, cheers! :)
## Week 01
[Beginner's Guide to Linux](https://www.lifewire.com/beginners-guide-to-linux-4090233)<br>
A beginner's guide to Linux. It explains what Linux is, what its differences are to Windows and
macOS, what a Command Line is, and many more.
[Awk Tutorial - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/awk/index.htm)<br>
A guide for beginners to learn how to use Awk. As someone who is new to Linux, I find
the website to be easy to follow. 
[Shell Scripting Tutorial](https://www.shellscript.sh)<br>
The tutorial explains the basic of shell script programming. It provides the background theories 
complete with their examples.
[Learn Shell](https://www.learnshell.org)<br>
An interactive website to learn shell programming. Each chapter has its own exercise where we
have to code. There is no better way to learn programming other than programming.
[Sed Tutorial - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sed/sed_overview.htm)<br>
A guide for beginners to learn how to use Sed. It helps beginners (like me) in understanding
the cryptic syntax of Sed.
## Week 02 
[C Programming Language](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-programming-language/)<br>
Complete C language guide explaining from the basics to the advanced. I personally think this website is
awesome to learn C. The pages are clean to look, and each explanation has its own examples making
it easier for us to learn.
[C Programming Exercises, Practice, Solution](https://www.w3resource.com/c-programming-exercises/)<br>
The website provides C exercises complete with their solutions. An editor is provided so you can check
whether you got the correct output. The page looks dated but it has hundreds of exercises.
[Learn-c](https://www.learn-c.org)<br>
Another website that provides C exercises and their solutions. The website looks more modern than the previous
one, but it has less exercises. Still, I think it's enough to learn the basics of C.
## Week 03 
[FUSE Doc](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/filesystems/fuse.html#what-is-fuse)<br>
Documentation for FUSE. 
[Understanding mount as a concept in the OS](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/3247/understanding-mount-as-a-concept-in-the-os)<br> 
Explains the basic about mount as a concept in the Operating System. 
[Why do we need to mount on linux](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/178077/why-do-we-need-to-mount-on-linux)<br>
Explains why we need to mount on Linux.
## Week 04
[Little Endian vs Big Endian](https://www.section.io/engineering-education/what-is-little-endian-and-big-endian/)<br>
Explains the differences between little endian vs big endian, and why little endian is 
preferred over big endian despite being harder to read (by humans).
